[plugin_platform_interface] Don't use const Object as a token (#2417)
flutter/plugins: packages/plugin_platform_interface/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.1

> * Fixed a bug that made all platform interface apeear as mock on release builds (https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/46941).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that made all platform interfaces appear as mocks in release builds (https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/46941).
```
